add adc/sampling_mode doc (#4601)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/sensor/adc.rst

  attenuation to use. See :ref:`adc-esp32_attenuation`. Defaults to ``0db``.
- **raw** (*Optional*): Allows to read the raw ADC output without any conversion or calibration. See :ref:`adc-raw`. Defaults to ``false``.
- **samples** (*Optional*): The amount of ADC readings to take per sensor update. On the ESP32 this value is ignored if ``attenuation`` is set to ``auto``. Defaults to ``1``.

> - **sampling_mode** (*Optional*): Sampling method to use when multiple samples are taken. Can be ``avg`` (average of all samples), ``min`` (minimal value from all samples), ``max`` (maximal value from all samples). Defaults to ``avg``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **sampling_mode** (*Optional*): Sampling method to use when multiple samples are taken. 

  - ``avg`` average of all samples (**Default**)
  - ``min`` minimal value from all samples
  - ``max`` maximal value from all samples

```
